README.md, before:

# NORA_WhitakerVendetti_DevSci2017
Code to reproduce the [figures](https://github.com/KirstieJane/NORA_WhitakerVendetti_DevSci2017/blob/master/FIGURES) in the NORA manuscript "Neuroscientific insights into the development of analogical reasoning".

Check out the [jupyter notebook](https://github.com/KirstieJane/NORA_WhitakerVendetti_DevSci2017/blob/master/JUPYTER_NOTEBOOKS/VISAN_Figures.ipynb) or the [NeuroVault collection](http://neurovault.org/collections/1658/) of statistical maps to check our working :wink:! 

You can interact with the code using this [myBinder](http://mybinder.org/repo/kirstiejane/nora_whitakervendetti_devsci2017) instance! 

## Questions?

Please [open an issue](https://github.com/KirstieJane/NORA_WhitakerVendetti_DevSci2017/issues) if you have any questions.

---

***Figure 5: Whole-brain analysis showing regions that demonstrate an increase in activation with accuracy on analogy trials across all participants after correcting for the effects of age.***

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KirstieJane/NORA_WhitakerVendetti_DevSci2017/master/FIGURES/Figure5_lowres.png)

Commit message:

Added link to meta-analysis wiki page

README.md, after:

# NORA_WhitakerVendetti_DevSci2017
Code to reproduce the [figures](https://github.com/KirstieJane/NORA_WhitakerVendetti_DevSci2017/blob/master/FIGURES) in the NORA manuscript "Neuroscientific insights into the development of analogical reasoning".

Check out the [jupyter notebook](https://github.com/KirstieJane/NORA_WhitakerVendetti_DevSci2017/blob/master/JUPYTER_NOTEBOOKS/VISAN_Figures.ipynb) or the [NeuroVault collection](http://neurovault.org/collections/1658/) of statistical maps to check our working :wink:! 

You can interact with the code using this [myBinder](http://mybinder.org/repo/kirstiejane/nora_whitakervendetti_devsci2017) instance! 

## Data for meta-analyses

If you'd like to use our statistical maps for meta-analyses please see the [Data for meta-analyses wiki page](https://github.com/KirstieJane/NORA_WhitakerVendetti_DevSci2017/wiki/Data-for-meta-analyses)

## Questions?

Please [open an issue](https://github.com/KirstieJane/NORA_WhitakerVendetti_DevSci2017/issues) if you have any questions.

---

***Figure 5: Whole-brain analysis showing regions that demonstrate an increase in activation with accuracy on analogy trials across all participants after correcting for the effects of age.***

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KirstieJane/NORA_WhitakerVendetti_DevSci2017/master/FIGURES/Figure5_lowres.png)
